# Work Experience

## Microsoft ![Microsoft logo](assets/img/microsoft.png){: width="20%" align="right"}

### Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2021

I interned on the Frontdoor team for Microsoft's Commerce Catalog group. The
team owns an ASP.NET API service that scales over 150,000 request per second and
powers the Microsoft Commerce stack for services such as Azure, Windows, Office,
and Xbox. My intern project focused on enhancing the on-call experience for
engineers by developing features on the team's service to diagnose product
configuration issues.

## Fidelity Investments ![Fidelity logo](assets/img/fidelity.png){: width="20%" align="right"}

### Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2020

I interned with the Contact Center Cloud Solutions team and implemented software
solutions for Fidelity contact centers using AWS. My projects boosted the
productivity of branch agents and improved customer call experience by
leveraging services such as Amazon Connect, Lambda, Lex, DynamoDB, and
Elasticsearch to route customers to the appropriate contact centers.

## Health Sqyre ![Health Sqyre logo](assets/img/health-sqyre.png){: width="20%" align="right"}

### Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2019

I worked with a team of engineers to develop Flask microservices for the startup
company's medical devices e-commerce platform. I primarily focused on increasing
the accuracy of parsing patient medical insurance data for the company's
insurance payment microservice. Furthermore, I enhanced building and testing
efficiency among engineers by developing Flask web applications for querying
company utilized APIs.

## Amherst College CS Department ![Amherst logo](assets/img/amherst.png){: width="20%" align="right"}

### Research Assistant, Fall 2020 - Spring 2022

I conducted research as a member of the [Amherst College Data*
Mammoths](https://acdmammoths.github.io/), led by [Matteo
Riondato](https://matteo.rionda.to/). The research in which I was involved
improved the scalability for balanced sampling by developing a [parallel
algorithm for the cube
method](https://github.com/acdmammoths/parallelcubesampling). Our work was
accepted for publication as a [student abstract/poster to
AAAI-22](https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-22/student-abstract-and-poster-program/).

### Teaching Assistant and Peer Tutor, Spring 2019 - Fall 2020

I helped students deepen their understanding of data structures and
object-oriented programming in Java by holding one-hour teaching sessions twice
a week. In these sessions, I supported students in applying what they learned
from classes by providing guidance on how to approach their weekly projects and
homework assignments.
